ACS-6300 Add a static-name flag for reportportal-prepare action (#386)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

In particular, this prepares maven command line options for Report Portal integration, building the endpoint, authentication, launch key, description.
Default context information is also added (launch attributes), unless the `auto-configure` input is set to `false`.

> By using the `rp-static-launch-name` flag, you can determine whether 'LAUNCH_NAME' should be static or unique for each execution. By default, it is set to `false`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the `rp-static-launch-name` flag, you can determine whether the launch name in Report Portal should be static or unique for each execution. By default, it is set to `false`.
```

Make it clearer for the consumer, they shouldn't have to go through the bash script implementation to understand what a new flag does.
